0
(mask: all; highlight: none)
0.0
Welcome to CityMatrix, an urban decision support system with AI assistant. 
0.1 
I am your AI assistant, RZ-14. 


1
(highlight: Lego grid)
1.0
Please look at what is highlighted below on the table. This is the hypothetical city district we are going to work on. 
1.1
Yes! We are going to use Lego bricks to build the city district. 


2
(highlight: building types)
2.0
Now the highlighted are the six different types of buildings, including three residential and three office. 
2.1
And each of them has small, medium, and large unit types, which will attract people of different age and income. 


3
(highlight: building types, Lego grid, and arrow 1)
3.0
You can add, remove or re-arrange the Lego blocks to create your city district. 


4
(highlight: building types, selection dock, and arrow 2)
4.0
Also, you can put one of the Lego brick into the dock highlighted here to select all the buildings which are the same type, 


5
(highlight: selection dock, density slider, and arrow 3)
5.0
and then operate the slider highlighted here to change the height, therefore the population density of these buildings.  


6
(highlight: 3D city model)
6.0
Here highlighted on the screen, you will see a three-dimensional representation of the city district you created. 


7
(highlight: people statistics)
7.0
Note that the system will calculate how many and what type of people your city district will attract, highlighted here.


8
(highlight: radar-chart)
8.0
As well as the performance of the city district in five aspects, represented by this radar-chart: 
8.1
population density, population diversity, energy/construction cost efficiency, traffic performance, and solar access performance. 


9
(highlight: radar-chart upper part)
9.0
According to previous research, population density and diversity are the key factors contributing to the innovation potential of the city. 
9.1
So we want to maximize both the population density and diversity. 


10
(highlight: radar-chart lower part)
10.0
Meanwhile, higher population density tends to generate environmental issues. 
10.1
That's what we would like to avoid by increasing the energy/construction cost efficiency, traffic performance and solar access performance. 
10.2
So your goal is to create a city district which maximizes the performance of all five aspects. 


11
(highlight: Visualization slider, Lego grid with Viz, and arrow 4)
11.0
To better understand the impact of your design to the city performance, 
11.1
you can inspect each of the aspects by changing the visualization slider highlighted here. 
11.2
When you slide the Lego brick on the slider to one of the items, you will see the correspondent heatmap of the performance of that aspect on the Lego grid. 
11.3
Green is good. Red is bad. As simple as that! 


12
(highlight: radar-chart "Population Density" part, viz slider "Population Density" part)
12.0
First, let's look at the "Population Density". The heatmap reflects the number of the people in the building. 
12.1
The greener, the more people in that building. 
12.2
The "Population Density" axis on the radar-chart reflects the total number of the people in the district. 
12.3
The higher the score, the denser this district's population is. 


13
(highlight: radar-chart "Population Diversity" part, viz slider "Population Diversity" part)
13.0
Then, let's look at the "Population Diversity". The heatmap reflects how mixed are the residential and office types, 
13.1
as well as the balance between the working and living. The greener, the more diverse. 
13.2
The "Population Diversity" axis on radar-chart is the aggregated diversity throughout the whole district you built. 
13.3
The higher the score, the more diverse the population is.  


14
(highlight: radar-chart "Energy/Cost Efficiency" part, viz slider "Energy/Cost Efficiency" part)
14.0
Move to "Energy/Cost Efficiency". The heatmap shows how much is the building energy consumption and building construction cost per person. 
14.1
Normally The energy consumption and building construction cost per square meter are similar for any building, which means the more small unit residential or office buildings, the better this performance. 
14.2
The "Energy/Cost Efficiency" axis on radar-chart is the averaged cost and energy consumption per person for all the buildings. 
14.3
The higher the score, the more efficient the energy and the cost of the city district is. 


15
(highlight: radar-chart "Traffic Performance" part, viz slider "Traffic Performance" part)
15.0
Switch to "Traffic Performance". Assuming we are using a high efficient autonomous sharing mobility system,  
15.1
the heatmap here shows how much traffic volume is in the city district in one day.
15.2
The "Traffic Performance" axis on radar-chart is overall traffic performance of the whole district you built. 
15.3
A Higher score means less traffic. 


16
(highlight: radar-chart "Solar Access Performance" part, viz slider "Solar Access Performance" part)
16.0
Last, let's look at "Solar Access Performance". Assuming we want to fully utilize the solar energy on the roof top of all the buildings,  
16.1
the heatmap shows how much solar radiation you can get in each area in the city district annually. The greener the better. Less shadow from other buildings. 
16.2
The "Solar Access Performance" axis on radar-chart is overall solar energy this city district could gather annually. 
16.3
The higher score, the better. 


17
(USER TEST STAGE ONE: NO AI ASSISTANT. mask: none; highlight: none)
17.0
Now, you've been through the introduction of CityMatrix functionalities. 
17.1
Again, your goal is work collaboratively to build a city district with these Lego bricks which maximize all five aspects of the city performance. 
17.2
You have 15 minutes for this round. 
17.3
It's Lego time! Good Luck! 